Victor Brestoiu
    So they do a similar thing at least. Where do you want to go? We can go back
    to Union Square Park, whatever it's called.

Branden Babcock    
    I generally need to end up on F.
    If I take an NW to get there, that's fine.

Victor    
    Okay. Well, there's an F on the way back here.

Branden
    Well, they also have a week off in February, but like a
    midwinter break.

Victor
    Separately from spring break?
    
Branden
    So it works out that
    approximately every two months they have a week.

Victor
    Oh, that's nice. That's really nice. Look, that's actually like a nice way
    to do it. Every two months you get a week off? That's definitely a greater
    grand total of holidays than we were getting.

Branden
    Yeah, so they...
    I think their school ends late because they bake those in.

Victor
    But that's still a worthwhile trade-off.

Branden
    The thing about New York City is they never close for snow days.
    So they don't have to bake that part in. I don't know how Canada did it
    here. It was like, okay, you had five snow days. We're going to tap five
    days onto the end of your school. Just so you hit that minimum amount of
    education. Well, I don't know if it's state or federal. Just mandates you
    need to have like 180 school days or whatever it is.

Victor
    I see. I'm actually not
    sure what the system is like in Canada. I feel like in very rare
    circumstances maybe they would extend by like a day or two. But definitely
    not proportionate to the number of snow days that we have. But we also
    didn't have that many snow days.
    
Branden
    You guys knew how to deal with snow?
    
Victor
    Well,
    that's on the one hand. But also I feel like the weather just hasn't been...
    Like it's been cold for like the last few years of non-university for me.
    It was cold, but it wasn't really like bad in terms of snow.
    There's only really like one year that I can think of that we had a really
    bad snow storm. And it happened like after school basically, which was kind
    of annoying. And then other than that, like, I don't know, maybe you would
    have a snow day or two every year, but not crazy.
    
Branden
    Yeah, that was generally
    when we had once in a while there was just like a crazy winter.
    I think New York City technically bakes in a couple of snow days, but they
    never actually use them. Yeah. I think if they...
    If they start dipping into their days off for some reason, which has never
    happened for snow, but for some other things.
    They have to go for like either February break or April break. I see. To
    make up for it. Yeah.
    They threatened us with that a couple of times when I was in grade school,
    but never actually went through with it.
    
Victor
    Gotcha. Yeah, my guess is that
    we're in a similar boat where we have some number of days that are pre-
    allocated for snow days. And I guess we just generally hadn't like consumed
    the buffer.

Branden
    Yeah. I guess. That's helpful.

Victor
    Yeah.
    Well, congrats to both of them.

Branden
    Yeah.
    My wife's very excited to have a few days this quiet. I didn't even guess.
    The past few times we've had a time where she has like a week off. My daughter's
    ended up being sick like the second half. So she ends up not staying home
    with her. But this week's looking good.

Victor
    Nice. Knock on wood.
    Yeah. Well, I mean, I think you're past the worst part, right? Like she's
    been at home for a few days. If there's no symptoms, it seems unlikely that
    they're just going to spontaneously appear.

Branden
    Yeah.
    Not this time around, no. I think just trying to rest, recuperate.
    So many people took off this week. Yeah.
    I was like, oh, everybody's out.

Victor
    We had a bunch taking time off for the last week.
    I figured it was because of Valentine's Day. But in retrospect, it's
    probably just an accumulation of Valentine's Day being on a Saturday plus
    Lunar New Year plus. President's Day.
    
Branden
    Yeah. 

Victor
    Yeah. Family Day in Canada.
    Yeah. Trevor had a birthday. Probably should have a birthday.

Branden
    Well, don't bother him. He's probably back now.

Victor
    Yeah, he's back now.

Branden
    Don't bother him on that day. Yeah.

Victor
    He went to Hawaii, had some really nice things to say about it. He was
    really happy.
    Yeah.

Branden
    Yep. Yep. How did your presentation go?

Victor
    Good. Basically reading off the slides. Yeah. I don't know if it was you or
    Ben that said, yeah, that could have been an email. Ben did, yeah. Yeah.

Branden
    Completely agreed.
    I felt the same way about the meeting this morning about filling it out.
    It's like...
    Y'all could have... Clearly, they generated it last week because some of my
    stuff was outdated.
    Like, why didn't you just email us this? And then we would have had the time
    on Friday and could have at least allocated some time this morning to doing
    it.
    Instead, we got a meeting two hours before it was due. Yep. And no pre-
    allocated time to work on it.
    It's like, okay, good luck.
    I know it was just, like, high-level stuff, but it was, like, weirdly...

Victor
    This way, come on. Yeah, we can cross.

Branden
    Weirdly detailed.

Victor
    Yeah, I'm... Net-net, I think I'm happy with how things turned out in the
    sense that I much prefer this rather than the, like, task-level breakdown of
    stuff for, like, four weeks out, which is insane.
    So... I'll take the win.

Branden
    You know, the task-level stuff...
    I don't know.
    I think if we're able to...
    Get it accurate, it'd be great. Like, having all those frames pre-planned
    would be awesome.
    But, like, it just doesn't...

Victor
    Yeah.

Branden
    Like, we end up throwing out...
    Half the frame.
    Yeah.

Victor
    I think it's just, like, fundamentally a non-realistic objective.
    As in, for my case, I have a couple of projects where the time that we're
    planning right now is for the work to scope out some of the work. So, I
    can't possibly do task-level planning when I don't even know what the work
    is going to be.

Branden
    Yeah. Same...
    Same situation.
    I saw a ticket description.
    I think it's very topical.

Victor
    Oh, you saw a ticket description?

Branden
    I know.

Victor
    With words on it?

Branden
    What? What was the wording? It was... The COO needs to get buy-in and
    approval. But once we get buy-in and approval, this is a top priority. I'm
    like, that is so... Like...
    So GTS.
    It's like, what do I want my team to do?

Victor
    Yeah.

Branden
    Hope that they hit priority. If so, I need to work on this?

Victor
    Yeah.

Branden
    I said it in the other meetings before, like we really need to just get this
    whole process done like two weeks earlier.

Victor
    Yeah.
    I don't know.

Branden
    How are you doing trying to plan out things that are not generally fully
    known by you? Like projects for the other teams and stuff?

Victor
    Yeah, I would say
    snafu. The situation normal, all fucked up.

Branden
    Yeah.

Victor
    Yeah, I think for risk, it's actually been quite interesting. We can maybe
    like do a loop or there's another part further that way if you want to try
    it. All right, we'll see if we can hit the other part. I think it might be
    north like a couple of blocks, so it might be a little tricky.
    Second and something. I think it's been really useful to compare risk
    compared to RTT and like the Firebolt stuff. Yeah. Because for all of the
    risk tasks, it's at the point now where I have like pretty decent context.
    And certainly I can't do like task level breakdowns of anything, but I at
    least have a good understanding of what's going on. I can kind of like
    explain stuff.
    That's more than I can fill in for a lot of the like RTT stuff is just kind
    of like well Kyle says there's improvements that we need to make.
    So I guess we're making improvements. Don't ask me any details beyond that
    because your guess is as good as mine. Some of the stuff that Jarred's
    bringing in is kind of like similar vein. For example, S34 I know is a
    market making strategy and that's fine. I was talking to Yosei about this
    earlier about S124. I was like, I have no idea what this thing is. I asked
    Jarred and he just said, you know, Fort Stone kind of like hand wavy.
    Looked at like the systems config table.
    It doesn't have any additional info. And Yosei was like, yeah, yeah, don't
    worry about it.

Branden
    Yeah, that's fine.

Victor
    So I don't know.
    I guess.
    I guess the expectation is that I don't know anything about the stuff that
    I'm planning, which OK. I can live up to that expectation.

Branden
    It's yeah.
    I mean, I'm in a relatively calm home. With FT everything clear. I was just
    like, OK, well, I'm going to lean on the devs. I'm actively to do this
    planning. They need to tell me what to work on.
    Why am I here? Yeah.
    I get it. I'm coordinating all of them.

Victor
    Yeah.
    Yeah, I don't know. I guess the one saving grace is that it seems like there
    is a lot of tickets pre-filled out for RTT.

Branden
    Yeah.

Victor
    And fortunately for the stuff that Jarred's bringing in, there's not that
    much active work being done there. Just onboarding Jarred onto like the risk
    and the RTT flows. So let's cross it. So that at least has been pretty
    convenient.

Branden
    You kind of only have like one new team.

Victor
    Yeah, exactly. Exactly.
    But then even there, like we're inheriting PTAP from Thomas.

Branden
    Yeah.

Victor
    So yeah, it's a mess, but we survived.
    People seem happy. Good enough.

Branden
    I've been told we're going to get more clarity on the devs' structure soon.

Victor
    I don't know.

Branden
    Because Damien was asking me about it. Like, I don't know. I'll figure it
    out. They're like, yeah, we're going to tell you next week.

Victor
    I might actually have some insider information here, which is Zenon's
    putting together a list of who owns what as like a more formal thing. So
    maybe that's what somebody was telling you about.
    
Branden
    Well, Dario hadn't started on that like day zero.

Victor
    Yeah, but my understanding from Zenon is that this is
    going to be like the official canonical list of like primary secondary owner
    that's going to be circulated so that he doesn't. Yeah, yeah, yeah. But
    that's like the only thing I could think of that could provide or that like
    might be in the pipeline.

Branden
    It's pretty clear to me.
    Like, OK, doesn't own anything or is like secondary on one or two things.
    They're a developer. Has ownership over a decent number of things. Is a senior though.

Victor
    And then what is the next?

Branden
    Staff. Software engineer. That's like Tony, Reece. Yeah, it's going to be
    those people that like answer direct to a senior manager. Probably have a
    lot of more architectural decisions.

Victor
    I have no idea what. I figured that's like Nick, Reece.

Branden
    No, there was a question about what Reece was.

    OK, whether he's pixel or.

Branden
    I'm not sure what their distinction is. Highlight. I would say Reese is not
    a staff software engineer.

Victor
    We kind of don't have one. Yeah, that is. We just don't have that many ICs
    that are even remotely senior. I think Nick is the only other person I could
    think of that is comparable.

Branden
    Yeah. Nick Brereton.
    So maybe he's a staff software engineer. I don't know. Yeah, well, I clearly
    the structure besides that last, the two distinctions are there for like the
    initial state. Yeah, but the question from Damien is like, how do I move to
    the next level? Yeah, it's like, no, we haven't gotten any guidance either.
    Well, I asked that indirectly.
    And basically, yeah, like, yeah, we don't know. Yeah.

Victor
    Many such cases as the story goes. It's one of those problems where you can
    clearly say, like, yes, this person is this and this person is this. But
    what is the qualifying factor? Yeah. And I mean, to Damien's question, I
    think the same is true for us.

Branden
    Right.

Victor
    Like, how do we become a senior? Yeah, exactly. Like several years of
    experience as an engineering or sorry, as a manager in general.

Branden
    Yeah.

Victor
    What what is the requirement? Like, I think you probably have as much if not
    not more experience than Ben. You certainly have more than Dan or I.
    What what would you need to show to get promoted to senior? Is that like you
    just become a partner or do you need to have like a senior staff developer
    under you like IC under you like what how does that look? And is that
    even realistic? Because it's not like the company is rapidly growing faster
    than we can handle.

Branden
    I think it just becomes like a leverage type of thing.
    Instead of being given the projects from the COO. It would be reasonably
    well defined. It'd be more like pitching those projects and doing what Dario
    and Zenon are doing right now. Yeah, I think it's relatively clear who is
    who. And it makes sense that the people landed where they did. It's just
    what do you need to do to move between? Yeah.

Victor
    And I feel like that's going to remain a soft science. Yeah.

Branden
    I think it's going to be their manager has to suggest that they move up.
    It's going to be one of them.

Victor
    Sure. But that suggestion still has to happen on the basis of something like
    if Kyle said like, OK, I want more recognition. I want, you know, increased
    pay. Like, how do I get there? I don't know what like I don't have any
    guidance for that.

Branden
    I think the expectation is you would just bring that to Zenon to navigate
    that. Your responsibility is just to give that info up the stream. Zenon
    will probably ask you questions or tell you to work on something.

Branden
    Yeah.

    I think Kyle and Damien, maybe to an extent Thomas, like we have a few devs
    that are like kind of flirting with that ability to move up.

Victor    
     Well, I guess
    if you're considering it just flirting, I'd ask what would you like to see
    more from them?
    Like Kyle, Trevor, Damien, Thomas, Rolf, probably.

Branden
    I don't know. It's got to be like those architectural decisions, I guess,
    like planning a large project start to end. And so that point, you need to
    just give them the opportunity.

Branden
    Or maybe with like minimal oversight, but instead of rescribing the project,
    like let one of these other guys do it.

Victor
    Yeah.
    I mean, I wasn't involved in any of this, but it certainly seems to me like
    Kyle would have checked that box off with the clickhouse stuff.

Branden
    With the what? Clickhouse stuff. Yeah.

Branden
    I think Kyle is probably approaching it. But I feel like I'll...
    He needs to work on the restraint side, I would say.
    More than, like he does plenty and he does the right stuff a lot of the
    time.
    Like, at least when I worked with him, he tended to kind of go off the line.

Victor
    Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Branden
    Which is maybe partly my fault, maybe, I don't know. I would say that's more
    the piece, unlike everybody else. I think everybody else is the kind of
    opposite side of that thing.

Victor
    I see.
    As the saying goes, it takes two to tango, right?

Branden
    Yeah.

Victor
    Okay, so I think somewhere around here, plus or minus a few streets, there
    should be like a nice little park because I was walking around earlier
    today. That's good, but not quite what I was thinking about.

Branden
    Is it? Yeah.

    Maybe to the right?

Victor
    Let's give it a shot.
    If not, worst case, I find another good park. It's like two sides, crosswalk
    in the middle. Yeah, yeah, that sounds like where I was earlier today.

    Yeah.

Victor
    Yeah, I hope we get more guidance.

Branden
    I hope so, too.

    I'm not going to hold my breath.

Victor
    I think.

Branden
    Well, it's just like, I'm put in this weird situation where I'm getting
    these questions. I don't know if you're getting the same. But like,
    especially when it comes time for performance reviews. Yeah. Damien's just
    taking the initiative to ask now. He's like, it's going to come anyways. Yeah.
    Which I appreciate.

Victor
    Yeah, and I think that's fair. And I think it's probably something that we
    should be thinking about as well.

Branden
    Yeah.

    We can cross.

Victor
    Like, how do we move up or how do we get them to move up?

Branden
    Well, I think both sides of that.

Victor
    One is that I think part of being a good team lead is not necessarily laying
    out,

    but at least facilitating growth opportunities for the people on your team.
    And so part of that necessitates understanding like what the options are,
    what you can pitch, what you can kind of like gauge their interest on. And
    then secondly, but certainly no less importantly, is how do I get more
    money?

    Do you mind my asking what your comp looks like?

Branden
    Do you mean like specifics or general?

Victor
    I mean specifics so that I have a more concrete reference.

Branden
    Yeah. I was trying to think. I think it was 200
    base. 100 bonus. Okay.
    Is it 60 LTIP? Not like crazy different numbers. Yeah.

Victor
    So you said 200 base, 100 bonus, 60LTIP.

Branden
    Something like that. Like maybe plus or minus 10. I think the last LTIP for you that I
    remember was, I want to say 25. Yeah. Maybe 35.

Victor
    But I think 25 sounds right. I just don't remember if 25 was the first LTIP
    and then I just got another 25 or if it was like a 20 and then a 25 over
    multiple years.

Branden
    Yeah. I could pull it up.
    My first one's finally getting paid out. I got my first one when I moved to
    Manager. And I think they were paying a higher one earlier on. And now
    they're like expanding it to a lot more people.
    Yeah. Because I know Damien's on it. I know Kyle's on it. Yup.
    I would imagine Thomas is on it, but I don't actually know.

Victor
    Yeah.

Branden
    But it's like just something they're giving out more. Yeah. To their like
    favorite devs. It's the people they wanted to try to keep without, you know,
    because I don't know if you knew this. There was a cap on what an IC can
    make supposedly. Oh.

Victor
    Why? From who?

Branden
    Just like company-wide. Oh. I don't know how much that included bonus or
    like the rest.
    I never got told that somebody was like there, but we were talking like, oh,
    people are approaching a lot. And I was like, like we're talking to some
    relatively junior people that are in that
    situation.
    So it's like, okay, something's got to give here. We can't keep somebody
    just because they don't want to be a manager.

Victor
    Yeah.

Branden
    Not low by any means, but like kind of low.

Victor
    Yeah.
    I think my total comp last year, if I remember correctly, was something
    like 225 plus the 25LTIF. I don't remember how the split was between bonus
    and base. I want to say base was either 160 or 180 and whatever the
    difference was came from bonus.
    But part of why I ask is because I have a roommate you may or may not know.

Branden
    I didn't know that.

Victor
    Okay.
    This is, I guess it's not new anymore, but he was previously in SF, moved to
    New York.
    He wanted to room together.
    We were roommates in college. He just didn't want to live by himself. And at
    the time, I wanted to go month to month on my lease. And the building had
    been stringing me along, I guess. That had been two years. The first year,
    they're like, no, first year we don't do that.
    Talk again after renewals. I was like, okay, whatever.
    That's fine. Second year, they didn't want to do it. I was like, okay, fine.
    Maybe next year we'll see. And then it came up for renewals again.
    And they're like, yeah, no, we're not going to do that. So I was like, okay.
    Well, that was like one of the big selling points.
    So I'm out. So that ended up working nicely. The reason I bring this up is
    simply because he told me what his comp was. He's at a trading company
    called Old Mission.
    They're roughly the same size as us. We might even be bigger. And his comp
    is quite a bit more appealing. He had 200 base, 200 guaranteed bonus. And
    then his expected bonus for the upcoming year is ranged between 150 and 250.
    And I think he got a bump on the base as well. So the reason I ask is just
    to get a sense of sort of where our pay scales are compared to what other
    pay scales are. I know we're definitely not top of the industry. I hesitate
    to say that we're at the bottom, but I will say that I don't know anybody
    who makes less than I do.

Branden
    So when I was interviewing around, we were
    definitely at the higher end.

Victor
    Really?

Branden
    I think the way it works at GTS is you start reasonably higher, but your
    growth is not as explosive.

Victor
    I see.
    I also wonder if maybe my sample group is not necessarily representative.
    I know some people at HRT, they had a really good year.
    I know some people at Jane Street, they had a really good year.
    I know some people at Citadel. I don't know if they had a good year, but the
    comp was pretty good. So yeah, I don't know. Maybe it's just like the sample
    group that I'm comparing.

    Right.
    I don't know. The title is nice.
    I want to see how things develop, and I feel like it's good experience.
    But yeah, also, I know probably the first year that you did bonuses, I think
    I was like, okay, looking for like, can we hit like... Well, okay. So 250
    was one. The other one was like three, three something. Because I had spoken
    with, I think at the time, either Ben Chang or Montana. Okay. And it might
    have been Ben who said that he was doing something around like 330 TC
    around the time that he left.
    And so I was just kind of working backwards from like how long he'd been
    there.

Branden
    That's wild.

Victor
    Yeah, yeah.
    That's wild. I'm pretty sure that what they've been doing is just like every
    year, they offer at a lower starting point and people just like are still
    coming.
    So they're like, okay, we'll just like keep going lower.

Branden
    You mean like fresh hires?

Victor
    Yeah, yeah. Because we're not really bringing in
    old guys. Like other than Tony.

Branden
    Judging by who I've brought on as hiring, the only difference there is like
    the Poland guys are being brought on lower. Yeah. I know we hire Waterloo
    at a premium. Even if they weren't a intern.
    Yeah, I don't know. I don't have that much of a story to tell.

Victor
    But okay. Yeah.
    Just looking to get a feel for what the numbers are.
    And then the other part of the context is I don't know anybody on my team's
    comp.

Branden
    You're going to find that out.

Victor
    I assume I will. I'm not sure that I
    will.

Branden
    I guess I don't know. The way it worked with Victor was like very
    clearly.

Victor
    Yeah, yeah. I don't know if Dario and Zenon are going to be the
    same thing. My guess is that they will. And the only reason I say that is
    because Zenon's communication to me was that next year the expectation would
    be that I'd be doing the performance reviews because I basically said like,
    okay, for all of the guys from Kyle's team, like I haven't worked with them.
    It's not fair for me to do performance reviews. I think Zenon is going to do
    them possibly with input from Kyle.
    Let me phrase that differently because there's a few different deliverables.
    I think Zenon wants me to write or at least contribute to writing the
    reviews. But then the actual meeting he's going to run.

Branden
    It's so funny how
    differently this is happening than what Dario is doing.

Victor
    What's Dario doing?

Branden
    The primary author of the performance review is going to be their primary
    manager for 2025, which I guess for me and for you is me.
    I guess we'll see how that goes.

Victor
    We've got to figure that out. Yeah. Because I think Zenon expects that he'll
    be doing mine.
    So I guess we'll see how that looks.

Branden
    I would like to know who's doing mine.

Victor
    Probably Dario. Yeah.
    By a process of elimination if nothing else.

Branden
    Yeah.
    But then that person is going to write the performance review with minimal
    input from new manager. Then feedback about the previous year is going to be
    run by the old manager and plans for the future is run by the new manager.

Victor
    Mm-hmm.

Branden
    Generally speaking, the new manager isn't responsible for anything. Yeah. To
    be fair, his performance review is for 2025.

Victor
    Yeah. When we were not the first. Yeah, exactly.

    Yeah, so I guess we'll see.
    But part of why I didn't want to be the primary person, especially for the
    meeting,

    is because if like... How are we doing on time?
    
Branden
    We're good.

Victor
    If like Kyle or Trevor were like, okay, how do I get to like, you know, plus
    30% or plus 50%? I don't know. Like, first of all, if that's reasonable. And
    then second of all, like, what do I say? Because I haven't gone through the
    process yet. I'm not even sure what I could potentially offer them. So,
    again, I don't know how it's going to change this nature. 
    
Branden
    The way it works
    with Victor was we go into like a meeting ahead of time. Yeah. He says,
    everybody's been approved for 10 or 20%. Okay. It was always a percentage.
    He said, take everybody, round them up the nearest, like, five or 10. Just
    make it a round number.
    And then, like, okay, Branden, do you think anybody on here needs to be
    different? Do you have any reason to think? Like, should we knock some of
    these people down and add some of them up? Whatever. Yeah. And then he would
    take that sheet, however that works out, bring it to Shawn, I guess, in the
    previous order, and just get it generally approved. I never had pushback on
    that, even when, like, starting people ultimately, whatever.

Victor
    Yeah.

Branden
    And so that would be given back to me the day of the bonus conversations.
    We'd have those conversations.
    I only ever had two pushbacks on, like, I want this year's to be higher.

Victor
    Oh, from the recipients. Yes.

Branden
    Okay. And you were the only one to ever talk about the future. So I can't
    say your team's going to be the same, but, like, most people are just like,
    yeah, you gave me a reasonable bonus, whatever.

Victor
    Interesting.

Branden
    But the two times that happened, Victor was there, he would hear it and be
    like, okay, I'll figure it out. Yeah. But, like, ultimately you don't have
    that decision-making. You can just say, like, if you were thinking the
    answer is a no, that you would suggest, then you'd need to, like, play it
    that way. Yeah. And if the answer is a yes, you'd be like, okay, I'll see
    what I can do. Ultimately, you don't have any power.

Victor
    Yeah.

Branden
    Which is probably by design.

Victor
    Yeah.

Branden
    But that's why, like, so much of that process was, like, Victor-centric.

Victor
    Yeah.

Branden
    Why, why was I even involved? Yeah. Maybe for that isolation.

Victor
    The one thing I will say is that I looked over the email from Serena or
    whoever, HR perhaps, sent out the thing with the PDF or the slides, and
    there was a week for what was phrased, what I interpreted to be phrased as
    manager internal discussion about Comp. Yeah. So I imagine that overall,
    that rough structure will probably still be the case this time

    around as well.

    Unless that management internal structure was just Zenon and Dario talking
    to Eytan. Yeah, that's definitely possible.

Victor
    I think we're generally going to be involved. Yeah. But I don't know.

Branden
    Yeah.

    Yeah, I think that structure is mostly going to stand, I imagine, would be
    slightly

    different.

    The thing to keep in mind as well is your conversations will probably
    include local cuurencies.

Victor
    Mine?

Branden
    With your team. Oh, oh, you mean because Konrad is in Poland and Anton and
    Tony.

Victor
    I guess Tony probably wouldn't be.
    So it would just be Anton in Canada, Konrad in Poland, Kyle's in the US,
    Jared's in the
    US, Trevor's in the US, I'm in the US. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Worth considering.

Branden
    Victor at least maintained the spreadsheet with the conversion on there so
    we could like just mark in USD. We would usually actually make the numbers,
    forget whether we made the even numbers in
    PL or USD.

Branden
    The other really fun thing, which I think is not a case for Canada, the
    Poland guys
    get quoted per month. Okay.
    So like, you don't tell them a yearly salary. You say you're making X per
    month.

Victor
    Oh, I see.

Branden
    I see. There's like all weird little details.

Victor
    Yeah, that makes sense. That's just like a culture nuance.
    I know that I think Piotr mentioned that they are technically contractors
    just because he
    mentioned something about having a lot of built-up vacation time that would
    basically
    disappear if you didn't use it. So it was just like, yeah, I'm just going to
    use whatever I have at the end of the year.

Branden
    Yeah, they have 26 days or something like that. That's pretty nice.
    Whatever. That's how they have to use that.

Victor
    Yeah, that's nice.

Branden
    That's practically a full month, more than a full month. Yeah, we have a
    full month of like kind of expected PTO, I would say.

Victor
    Do we?
    I didn't know that. 15 to 20 days.

Victor
    Oh, I'm definitely on the lower end of that.

Branden
    Well, what Victor said was before they had Unlimited, the base was 15, and
    then being there for a certain amount of time got you another five, and a
    title got you another five or something.

Victor
    I see. Yeah, that sounds approximately like standard. Yeah. Yeah.

Branden
    Would be nice, I guess, if some of these expectations were communicated, but
    I guess not only are

    we generally bad at communication, but this seems not necessarily in the
    firm's best interest

    to communicate clearly anyways.

    So it's I'm going to try to push that envelope this year. Like, you can be
    bad at communication, but like some of the shit they do almost seems
    actively hostile.

Victor
    Yeah, I agree.

Branden
    Like, the meeting being dropped on the calendar last second to talk about
    the reorgs. Yeah. It's like, OK, so you say it's because you didn't want to
    leak the fact that there are playoffs, whatever. Like, we very regularly
    have a fucking town hall scheduled. It's not a weird thing.

Victor
    Yeah.

Branden
    Like, why would that leak anything?

Victor
    Yeah.
    Yeah, and crazy idea, maybe that means that they should just do more town
    halls so that

    they could communicate literally anything. Yeah.

    Definitely feels at times like pulling any sort of information from
    leadership is like pulling teeth. Like, what are we optimizing for? What are
    we trying to do? At least, Shawn's last year, he had a pretty clear, like,
    you know, operational efficiency, operational excellence.

    But beyond that, doesn't seem like anybody has any clue what's going on.

Branden
    I will say that's one significantly more clear thing I'm getting from
    Dario, which I appreciate.

Victor
    OK.

Branden
    It's like, you know, it's probably not as applicable to you guys, so maybe
    there's not even a grand revision. It's like, move the operational stuff
    over to TO or to finance or whoever it is.

    Because the devs are not doing that stuff.

Victor
    Yeah.

    Yeah, I think we have some of that as well.

    But that doesn't seem like...
    Yosei was pushing for that for risk, but Trevor was kind of anti that,
    mostly because he didn't

    trust TO.

    I'm definitely more on the Yosei side of the equation, one, because I don't
    want to be paged at, like, random times of the day. Like, if somebody's job
    is to handle those issues, then fantastic. But I also empathize with Trevor
    in that some of the issues, I feel like, require more domain

    expertise than maybe TO can be expected to have.

    Having said that, I really like Yechiel, and if he says, like, I can handle
    this, I trust that he will handle this.

Branden
    We had a one-on-one today, and he was just like, yeah, like, I'm constantly
    looking for more stuff to do to add value to the business.

    I'm like, do it. Like, do it.

    I don't know what you get paid. Yeah.
    Yeah, I agree.

    He's a loud guy. Yes.

Victor
    I do frequently have to push my earphones into my head so that I can hear
    the meeting people and not meeting people.

Branden
    Yeah, that's why I have a different... I got a headset with noise.

Victor
    Very wise.

    But yeah, like, ultimately, stuff still can go down to the deck. But the
    idea is that, like, 80% of stuff that can't really be automated or is
    difficult to automate, but, like, doesn't require a developer's direct
    input. Yeah. Like, if you can write a playbook for it, TO can do it.

Victor
    Yeah, yeah.

Branden
    And I think Trevor would be surprised how much of that stuff is, like, what
    he feels

    is.

Victor
    Yeah. I think actually my reading between the lines is I think Trevor is
    slowly opening up to the idea.
    I think the big change that happened is I've been talking a lot with Yechiel
    and kind of like showing him my docs and my understanding of things and
    walking him through things.

Branden
    Yeah.

Victor
    And he scheduled a meeting with Trevor so that Trevor could walk both of us,
    myself and Yechiel, through some of the log flows through the system.

    And that was really useful. Yechiel put that to good use and was able to
    resolve a few things or, like, investigate

    a few things on his own.

    And I don't know if Trevor's opinion has necessarily changed, but I feel
    like he's more open to some of that. And then separately, from what I've
    seen with the risk system, the way it breaks is quite
    predictable in the sense that risk itself is definitely very battle tested
    at this point, very reliable. And as, like, a flow graph, logically at
    least, pretty straightforward in that you get price data and you get
    position data and you apply a formula and either the number is above or
    below some threshold. So, really, when something breaks, it's because the
    position is wrong or the price is wrong. Yeah. And there haven't been any
    situations, knock on wood, where the risk calculation is bad. Yeah. And so
    that definitely simplifies a lot of the investigation. TO already has a good
    solution for handling price issues. They can update the start of day
    positions table, reload positions in the aggregator,

    and the issue basically goes away.

    And then for price data, we do have market data overrides for whatever
    reason.

    Like, that hasn't quite seemed to be enough. And there's also some stuff
    with, like, composition sets and the baskets and stuff that I'm not

    100% clear on. Like, conceptually, I understand what's happening, but
    practically, I don't understand what's

    happening. Yeah.

    And I think that's kind of, like, the next big thing for Yechiel and I to try
    to crack

    the nut on.

    But yeah, like, as far as that's concerned, like, that seems operationally
    quite a bit smoother than, say, like, the recording stuff or the EC logs or,
    like, kafka writers, clickhouse writers.
    
Branden
    The thing we're running into now
    is, like, Yechiel's one guy.

Branden
    Yeah.

Branden
    He's got two trainees, but, like, what he said to me today was, like, yeah,
    it takes, like, the better part of a year for somebody to become, like,
    capable already. Yeah.
    Which, in my experience, yeah, that's probably right. Yeah.
    My last firm, we would only start people on on-calls, like, 18 months in,
    but they were,
    like, developers first.
    Yeah. So, you know, it makes sense for the timeline to be a little
    accelerated.

Victor
    Yeah.

Branden
    But generally, like, yeah, you can help out, but you just generally don't
    have enough
    confidence. Yeah.
    And it's very hard until the point where you have, like...
    Tooling to support.
    You know, your L1 support is the guy that has to be on all hours of the
    night.

--- Not reviewed below this point ---

Victor
    Yeah.

Branden
    Like, there's a decent chance that they'll need to call the L2. Yeah. But,
    you know, probably don't need to call the Devs.

Victor
    Yeah, yeah. We'll see. I don't know. Yeah.

Branden
    Well, in addition to Yechiel, there's also Matt.

Victor
    Matt Allen.

Branden
    Yes. He's the manager, but he's also doing a lot of the TO stuff because he
    has Taylor.

Victor
    Yeah. He seems competent, at the very least. He's, um, expo-goal, like, I
    see.

Branden
    Yeah, yeah. But background in the, like, ops reliability stuff.

Victor
    SRE, I think.

Branden
    Well, he probably only has a handful of years, though, is my understanding.

Victor
    Oh.

Branden
    Like, this is like, hey, I finished out my career, don't really need money.
    Let's see, like, what the other side of the fence looks like because I've
    worked at 100,000 person firms where the issues we're dealing with is, like,
    this project gets canceled after we've already done half the work. Don't
    happen because those projects have been proven out before you even get to
    know

Victor
    them.

Branden
    Yeah, yeah. Oh, that's interesting. Like, he didn't strike me as that old.
    He is. He's relatively old. I think Rick's, Rick said he's in a similar
    boat. Yeah, well- He doesn't need any money at this point.

Victor
    Rick's definitely in a different boat.

Branden
    He's, what, 62, he said?

Victor
    That sounds right.

Branden
    60s is what I was expecting, but Matt strikes me as, like, 40s? I mean, I
    guess if you worked at, like, Google at the right time, like, I could
    definitely see- He has a 12-year-old body, which doesn't make him now 40.

Victor
    Yosei does, too.

Branden
    I would imagine he's in his 50s, would be my guess.

Victor
    I don't know that.

Branden
    How are we doing on time?

Victor
    Good. How far is Seoul?

Branden
    Uh, well, there is the one at, like, 6th and 14th, and we're, what, 2nd and
    17th, so, like, a couple blocks. 6th and 14th.

Victor
    What time is it?

Branden
    24. We can do another- Oh, okay. Yeah, we can also go back to the other park
    as well, just for the sake of being a bit

Victor
    closer. Yeah, whichever.

Branden
    I guess let's do another lap and then we can head towards the other park.

Victor
    Uh, Union Scry. Or, Washington? I forget which is which. Union. Okay. But
    we're staying on 14th.

Branden
    Um, but yeah. So, you know, that's gonna be the next interesting thing we
    need to tackle. Yeah. Is, like, what happens when they are no longer there.

Victor
    Yeah.

Branden
    Well, I guess the good news is that, at least on the now RTT side of things,
    Kyle's RTT has been working on Elastic, putting together a queryable, like,
    log store for all of the

Victor
    EC logs, order logs, possibly market data, not sure about that.

Branden
    So that, together with ClickHouse, I think should give TO a really good
    toolset that they can then start building on top of. I think Matt is
    dreaming dashboards like Google, and I don't know if that's necessarily

Victor
    gonna happen. Look at that.

Branden
    But at the very least, one of the big problems that Yehil has described is
    that they don't

Victor
    really fully understand the log flow.

Branden
    And to be fair, I don't really fully understand the log flow, especially
    through some of the ELM mirroring steps that happen. Yeah. And so it can be
    difficult for them if there's a problem with an engine, it's like, well,
    where exactly did the problem happen?

Victor
    And so hopefully something like Elastic can help with that. But... Yeah.

Branden
    Yeah, I don't know much about that side.

Victor
    What are the big problems in your side of the world?

    End of day risk, I imagine, is giving some headaches.

Branden
    I mean, it's always going to.

Victor
    We need to just get it across the finish line, but we've been saying that
    for three years.

Branden
    I can't believe I got the project back still.

    I'm really glad we didn't go through the project to move everything to MAN
    for sure.

Victor
    Yeah. That would have been silly. Very sad.

Branden
    The biggest issue poking and spearing faces is a lot of our projects end up
    stalled on waiting for

    example overflow.

    And that's just kind of like up in the air when that ends up happening. Big
    example of overflow, like pilot trades in MAN?

Victor
    Yeah, pilot trades. Or like, you know. Yeah, I guess it would always be
    pilot trades.

Branden
    And so inevitably we build out all this workflow. Yeah. And then we get to
    the point where it's like, okay, this is done, I think. And then it's like,
    okay, well, the business is going to do this flow at some point. We just had
    this with TMS 152.

Victor
    Yep.

Branden
    And then without notice, which is its own issue, they did their pilot trade
    and it's like, okay, everything just shit itself. Nobody was watching.

Victor
    We have two days of KTLO work that were completely unexpected.

Branden
    And then on top of that, like, we keep getting told, oh, pilot trades next
    week, pilot trades next week. And so we plan in, like, do this support work.
    It's probably going to happen.

    And then we get there and they're like, oh, no, actually. Yeah.

Victor
    So like that timeline stuff going on.

    Would you say this is just ETF or more broadly?

Branden
    ETF is the one adding new things. So it's been ETF, but I don't think it's
    like an ETF issue necessarily. Yeah.

Victor
    I guess what I mean to ask is, is this a cultural thing with ETF in
    particular, or is it a cultural thing with GTS more broadly? And I guess
    there's no reason to think it wouldn't be a GTS more broadly thing. But I
    don't know.

Branden
    I don't I guess I don't have color on why the pilot trades get pushed.

Victor
    And I can't really answer that question.

Branden
    That's fair.

Victor
    Like, is it the business pushing it back? Is it like ETF not being ready to
    trade?

Branden
    Like, what is that thing?

Victor
    I don't know. I see. I see.

Branden
    Based on what I've seen on the docs for like due dates, I feel like people
    are just way too hyper aggressive with their due dates. And then it's just
    that nature of like, oh, we only have a little bit more work.

Victor
    We could get it done. Type of mentality. Yeah, my personal take on it is
    that I think we are overextended with the asset universe that we trade.

Branden
    I think a lot of the equity stuff is in like pretty good condition. But we
    bolted on so many of these other things super fast. And none of it is like
    we should probably start heading back at least at the start. Yeah, we bolted
    on all of these other asset classes and it's like partly functional.

Victor
    But from like an equities perspective, and we never actually invested the
    resources to build the stuff properly.

Branden
    And so it's kind of like an awkward situation where technically it works and
    technically it's supported.

Victor
    But practically, it's a pile of Swiss cheese.

Branden
    Yeah.

    So we're leading even more heavily into that. I think that's why you say
    that. Instead of doing like a 40 story point build out for them to drink
    crypto, we're going to do the 15 story point build out. Or some stuff might
    be manual, but like they can at least prove it out. Yeah.

    Like, OK, we can do this to get the manual. Yeah. They'll figure out whether
    it's useful or not and then we'll finish it.

Victor
    But I don't know.

Branden
    ETF's going to have a client that's like, oh, I'm ready to trade. And
    they're going to be like, 100,000 shares a day? Sure. Meanwhile, Ben's doing
    cat by hand. Yeah. I mean, conceptually, that makes sense to me of like,
    let's prove it out.

Victor
    I think the big thing is that we never go back and do it properly.

Branden
    I think that's the one major takeaway in terms of like technical debt.

Victor
    I feel like I have more to say about that after I forget, so I'll just pause
    there.

Branden
    The grand dream is that the business will own that operational crap. When,
    like, when we deploy that half-baked solution.

Victor
    Yeah.

Branden
    OK, but if like there's cat breaks or whatever, this is going on your
    obstacle. Yeah, yeah.

Victor
    We'll see.

Branden
    Yeah. Something that Yaheel has told me a bunch of times now is he says, you
    know, sometimes traders are like, hey, I want to try a new flow. And he's
    like, I have totally no issues with that.

Victor
    You know, if something breaks, they know that it's a new flow, whatever.
    What he does have issue with is when people are like, hey, I just did this
    trade. Why is it all broken? And then he asked them, like, have you done
    this trade before? He's like, no, but I think it should work.

Branden
    It's like, well, that's not quite not quite the same thing.

Victor
    Yeah. It's like, have you traded futures in this situation?

Branden
    It's like, no, but I traded futures a different way.

Victor
    Yeah.

Branden
    But I feel like it's been getting a little bit better with like inception
    docs and having the CEO work involved to like get those requirements out of
    them.

Victor
    That type of thing. That's interesting.

    I have no nice things to say about CEO work.

Branden
    Who's your main? I don't know.

    Who do you say? Yeah. Oh, that's the fun part. I don't.

Victor
    And not that I wouldn't like to, but nobody has presented themselves as
    like, hey, I'm your stakeholder. Like, please talk to me. Adam represents
    risk desk or trade desk or whatever that's called. Adam's nice. Like working
    with him. Don't have any issues. Don't have any complaints. I don't have
    anything against people on CEO work. Like, I got along well with Ron. Darcy
    is like a nice person. So like nothing against them as people. But I don't
    understand what they're supposed to do or like logically, I understand that
    they're supposed to be the interface between the tech and the business. But
    practically, I'm not seeing any of that happening.

Branden
    Yeah.

    So I don't know who's supposed to be feeding stuff down to you.

Victor
    The way it works with us, and I think I'd say Amari does a better job at
    this stage, is he just has this dock of like 50 things that the business has
    requested. Yeah. It's like, OK, we're working on the top 10 things. Yeah. If
    you want something that's not in the top 10 things, you need to take
    something out of these top 10 things. Yeah. Or you need to wait.

Branden
    And so it's very clearly laid out like, OK, ETF, you mentioned all these
    things.

Victor
    Then you're not going to have accuracy in it.

Branden
    Yeah.

Victor
    And I think he treats it a little more fungively than he should. Yeah. And I
    think Adam works in a similar way.

Branden
    He has his forced rank list on Excel.

Victor
    And I feel like that's a good enough system. Certainly, there are things
    that I would maybe like to do slightly differently. But compared to GTS as a
    whole, fantastically high quality.

Branden
    Yeah.

Victor
    I think my biggest complaint slash concern is that for all of the RTT stuff
    and whatever is happening with Firebolt, I haven't been given a business
    stakeholder. Yeah. And it's not just like nobody sold me. It's like I asked
    Zenon, like, who do I talk to on the business that represents this?

Branden
    And he's like, nobody.

Victor
    Well, the RTT stuff is like internal tech is the difference. Yes, but also
    no, because, for example, Stan is very heavily invested in a lot of that
    stuff. And so I guess your answer is Stan. Sort of. But he's not. Yeah. He
    is not a business driver. He's a tech driver, which is fine. But then B, I'm
    not sure because everything has to then get approved by COO or. And so it's
    like, do I say like Stan told me to? Because just because Stan wants
    something doesn't necessarily mean that the business is going to sign off on
    it, which is the other problem. And so it feels like the way to get stuff
    done is you find the technical people on the trading desks and then you find
    a way to basically like smuggle the work in for them and account it under
    something that won't get built to their team. Yeah.

Branden
    Not wrong. I was talking to Ron on Friday, because he called me to ask about
    one of the like org layout charts. He's like, I have this like COO deck or
    slide or whatever.

Victor
    He's like, but this doesn't make sense to me. Like, can you explain like how
    this works? And I'm like, no, no, you're right. It doesn't make sense. It
    doesn't work. And I was telling him that there is a minimum amount of
    communication that needs to happen for stuff to get done. And if the
    official communication channels don't satisfy that need, unofficial channels
    will find a way. And I don't think that's in anybody's best interest. Yeah,
    people ping Trevor for like, hey, this thing isn't working. Can you take a
    look or like the China deployments came up because somebody ping Trevor
    like, hey, I'm trying to do this thing. And like, it's not working. And then
    Trevor took a look and it's like, oh, actually, we haven't upgraded the
    version of the aggregator since like 2013. When we first set up China. And
    so now that's a whole, yeah, not like small project of like, well, we need
    to upgrade the aggregator. We need to upgrade the RCUs.

Branden
    We need to upgrade the engines so that they're compatible with the new
    aggregator version. And it's just this whole kerfuffle. Oh, yeah. Let's
    build over into my side too. I need to have Thomas upgrade. Yeah. Yeah. One
    of which is a thing that was owned by Tyler and then got transferred to
    Ethan.

Victor
    And now Ethan is no longer there. So literally nobody knows how the system
    works.

Branden
    Yeah. Click right. Good job, guys. Yeah. The PTAB thing now got moved from
    Thomas to us. And Thomas today forwarded me an email from like the last time
    they did a PTAB deployment. And it was from February of 2023.

Victor
    And on like the email thread, maybe like not the last email, but one of the
    like former emails was like, OK, we're going to try to do this as like a
    quarterly process.

Branden
    Every three months, we're going to try to do a deployment. And I'm not going
    to spoil the story for you.

Victor
    Last time you did it. Yes.

Branden
    And we're now a substantial portion through the Zodiac calendar in terms of
    progress on that. So.

Victor
    And then separately from that, of my own initiative, I started trying to put
    together a list of all of the products, projects, libraries, things, and
    many of them have no owner.

Branden
    So that's fun.

Victor
    Yeah.

Branden
    And most of them have no secondary. Yeah. Hopefully they ask us for that doc
    and it's not just like waste of time that we did it. Oh, no, we're going to
    be told what the things are.

Victor
    Zennin basically volun told me he's like, you're good to be put down for the
    aggregate or sorry for the RCU and for docs, right?

Branden
    I was like, OK, I guess.

Victor
    You know the RCU? Apparently.

Branden
    My guess is that what happened?

Victor
    The only reason this happened is because at one point Dan was asking about
    how to change the font. And that was something that I previously asked
    Trevor how to do. And I remembered. And so I told him how to do it. And I
    think Zennin may have the false impression that I know more about it than I
    actually do. Actually, sorry, there is one other thing. I started verifying
    that we can actually compile the RCU because the only people that previously
    worked on it have left.

Branden
    Yeah.

Victor
    And the only people left are Trevor and Zennin. And Zennin said that his
    bill doesn't work anymore. So the only person that can actually compile the
    RCU until recently was Trevor. And so now that I'm the second person, I
    guess that was enough experience. But the question I would have is what is
    the chance to represent? Is it somebody who kind of touched it one time like
    six years ago? Or is it like in Trevor's absence, this person probably
    answered your question? It's definitely meant to be more of the second than
    the first. So we shouldn't be scrounging to say like... Realistically, we
    should name primaries and then that primary should be like, Yeah, this other
    person answered my question and I'm not here. Yeah.

    I think the problem is that if we did that, there would only be primaries.
    And even then there may not be primaries.

Branden
    And I think certain people feel like it would look bad to have a bunch of
    nulls on the sheet. I think...

Victor
    It would. Yeah. We should... Fix that. We should lean into that.

Branden
    Not manipulate the data to say what we want to do.

    Well, unfortunately, we don't live in an ideal world.

Victor
    Yeah.

Branden
    Quite tragically. Well, we'll see. Dario has my sheet. If he wants to read
    it, he can.

Victor
    If he never looks at it, whatever. It was a useful exercise.

    Yeah. Well, I mean, I can tell you that I made a sheet. I sent it to Zenin.
    And then when he asked me about this stuff on Friday, I was like, Oh, you
    know, did you like take a look at the sheet I sent you? Like, did you have
    any questions? He's like, can you send me the link again?

Branden
    So I think I kind of know how that played out.

    There's another thing that, like, I don't know what they're working on.

Victor
    Yeah.

Branden
    So, like...

    I guess my biggest thing that's going through is, like...

    For instance, we have...

Victor
    Finance wants to, like, transform the whole world. Yeah. Because you don't
    want to do everything, like, a little bit different.

Branden
    Like, okay, cool. Like, we have the project, whatever. Yep. And it's like...
    Reese? Morgan? What? Morgan?

Victor
    Reese, Dario, and myself have all been in this meeting.

Branden
    Okay. Which one of us is responsible for, like, backing this project out?
    Like, who is driving it? I see. And it's like, okay, it's fine if that's me.

Victor
    But I want to know if it's not me. Yeah. So that, like, I, you know... Or
    you want to know if it is you so that you can actually do the stacking. I
    could do it. But I also, like, I feel like I shouldn't waste six hours of my
    day doing this requirements gathering. Yeah. It's ultimately just going to
    be, like...

Branden
    It's not pointless. But, like, a little... Yeah.

Victor
    And like everybody else, I cannot get time with Dario.

Branden
    Yeah. I will say, I know that I've asked you before, like, what does VZ do
    all day? Yeah.

Victor
    I feel like I understand better the problems. Like, today, for example, I
    basically had just meetings. Yep.

Branden
    Minus, like, a 12-minute session with Trevor where I was asking him for some
    details on something. Yep.

Victor
    And other than that, it was, like, meetings, doc writing, meeting about the
    doc writing, writing docs. Or sorry, not docs. All of this is, like, JIRA
    bullshit.

Branden
    But he didn't... VZ?

Victor
    Yeah.

Branden
    Oh, yeah. But I guess my point is that between having a bunch of meetings
    and you have gaps between the meetings and you can't really actually do any
    coding... Yeah.

Victor
    ...at best, you can interrupt a developer so that you ruin their
    productivity, too.

Branden
    Yeah, that is your best option.

Victor
    Yeah.

Branden
    Like, I understand how the time can just, like, disappear.

Victor
    Yeah.

    Yeah, whenever I go to do time tracking, I'm like, oh, come on.

Branden
    I managed?

Victor
    Like... Yeah. Well, it was, like, four hours of meetings and, like, three
    hours of either preparing for the meetings

    or, like, recovering after the meetings.

    Yeah.

    And then an hour of, like, just time spent that kind of just went away
    because I didn't have time to do anything.

Branden
    Yeah.

    Yeah.

    Well, whatever. Not my monkeys. Not my circus. Not my company. Not my...
    But, like, you know you'll be fined if, like, shit entirely expands and you
    have to leave.

Victor
    Yeah.

    Or whatever.

Branden
    And the crazy thing, too, is that, like, I want to be doing something more
    valuable. It's just nobody is giving me any sort of, like, direction on
    that. And it's not even that I'm waiting to be spoon-fed.

Victor
    It's, like, I'm asking, like, what would be valuable?

Branden
    What can I do? I will at least give credit to Zenon. This is something that
    he did communicate clearly, which is he likes it when I fill stuff out on
    Jira, including when there's discussions in team chats, making sure that
    that makes it to the tickets, meeting notes, summarizing that, adding that
    to tickets. So, okay, if that's what the ask is, if I am a chat GPT with a
    face, okay. At least the expectations are clear and communicated, and I can
    work with that.

Victor
    So. Where's the difference? That roll of credit, this? It shouldn't be a
    manager that's making, like, crazy money.

Branden
    It has higher members. Like, there's supposed to be a person in the meetings
    to do that, regardless.

Victor
    Yeah.

Branden
    They don't need to be a minimum wage. They're not like, you know, a project
    manager type person.

Victor
    I mean, I'm quite confident that you can literally just do that with chat
    GPT.

Branden
    Oh, yeah, you probably can now. They have, like, random compliance stuff.

Victor
    I was listening to a podcast of a company who wrote the name of it,

    but every single meeting they have, including, like, one-on-ones and
    everything. Yeah, Bridgewater.

    I don't really know if it's this one. Maybe it is.

Branden
    But it's, like, recorded, transcribed, searchable, rewatchable. Like,
    everything is just there.

Victor
    There, yeah, yeah, yeah.

Branden
    Unless you specifically tag it as, like, you know, don't put this out. Yeah.
    Definitely Bridgewater. Possibly something else, but definitely Bridgewater,
    because Ray Dalio's book,

Victor
    one of the things that he says he's very big on is radical transparency.

Branden
    And he says that, you know, lots of people are uncomfortable,

Victor
    and they don't like it, and they leave, and that's fine.

    That's, you know, not a good culture fit.

Branden
    So it might be another company, but definitely Bridgewater is one that does
    that. And, yeah, you just get that into an LLM, and there's all your
    everything.

Victor
    Yeah.

Branden
    Well, maybe in, like, 10 years we'll modernize in that regard as well. It is
    all... That is all useful stuff, especially if that's, like, the highest
    leverage thing.

Victor
    Yeah.

Branden
    But I mean, to your point... And I think for now it is. Yeah.

Victor
    Because, like, you're gaining so much contact. Yeah, yeah.

Branden
    And I mean, to your point as well, like, that's certainly something that,
    like,

Victor
    I can't give you, for example. It's just that she's in so many meetings that
    if I were her, my brain would be fried after, like, one or two meetings.

Branden
    I noticed she's been getting sick a lot lately. Yeah.

Victor
    It's not unrelated. So, it could be. I think you'll know how to block that
    way.

Branden
    Yeah. All right. All right. Well, thank you.

Victor
    See you tomorrow.

Branden
    I expect we'll chat more about the performance review stuff. Yeah.

Victor
    I almost certainly have questions just because I haven't done this before. I
    asked Jose about it a bit today as well, and he basically is just like, you
    got this.

Branden
    Yeah.

Victor
    And not really much else in terms of, like, actionable stuff.

Branden
    So, I don't know. You'll be okay. It's... I... The entirety of those
    meetings is, like, reading down what you said. But if you have to do better
    performance reviews, good luck.

Victor
    Yeah.

Branden
    I don't know how you do that in such little context.

Victor
    Well, I'll definitely be asking Kyle for his people.

Branden
    Yeah, yeah. And then beyond that, I guess asking Zenon or...

Victor
    Yeah.

Branden
    I think Kyle was under Zenon before, so...

    Yeah. That should be fine. All right. All right. Good night. Get home safe.

Victor
    Yeah. You too. Enjoy your wife's vacation. We're going back to Brazil,
    probably.

